[Music]
Balance, harmony, inner peace and
happiness.
Yoga transcends
religious, geographical, ethnic, and
racial boundaries.  It helps us to be healthier,
calmer and more in harmony,
creating a more sustainable and
peaceful planet.
But what exactly is yoga and how is it
practiced?   It
can truly create harmony between
our deepest self and
nature.
Join us on this journey through yoga.
[Music] I
was always sick, always, I don't know
why.  I decided to quit my job and
practice yoga.  And now I feel that my
life has more color and more meaning.  This
is the eighth time I've come to the
international yoga festival.  I come to study
with the teachers and professors, to
learn how to study, to grow, to
evolve.  Yoga for us
means
unity, love and inner peace.  When I
was studying I got sick, then
I discovered yoga and started
practicing it.  I made a full recovery and am
now in better health than before.  It
surprised me a lot and made me
very interested in
yoga.  But where did it all begin?
[Music]
evવનઇન વેનેઝુએ thisસ timeામવીર
સેલબ્રટંગઇનગ્રન્ડરસ્કેલ એઇનમોર નબર
ofફસીટી days ago i  was in marakકai where
weહ a very bગ celebrationન we are also
celebrating in marakai in mer inana and
other
cties time f very f it was only it feels
like only some time ag
[Music]
intermela con  carnapidana, cover your
ears with your
knees or you can also rest your
knees on your
forehead.  Your
floating ribs, hollow out your
abdomen, activate your love handles.
Tada the mountain's posture
.
Inhale, hands towards the sky in
urba, exhale down in
utanasana.  Inhale, look ahead.
Ardautanasana.  Exhale, right leg
back in
corridor and stay there.  Open your
chest.  Inhale.  Look at your hands.
Right foot between hands.  Left, I'll
accompany you.  Inhale, open your
chest, exhale.
Go, inhale,
[Music]
we're going up.
Exhale, exhale.  Bend your knees and press
your hands against the floor.  Inhaling, enter
nutcatas.  Exhale.  Va utanas.  You can
raise your feet towards the sky.  You move your
hands towards your back.
[Music]
This posture works our
thyroid, which is super important for our
body.  It allows the heart to work more
slowly, everything
relaxes, and the organs to cleanse themselves.
It is very beneficial.  Supports feet wide at the
hips.  Take a deep breath.  Exhale.  Raise
your hips towards the
sky.  Walk with your shoulders inwards
.  Try to unite them.
[Music]
I had the time, I did
n't have time.  I call him and
ask
[Music]
Hello Hello, how are you?  Hi how
are you?
[Music]
Grab the truck for the park
as a gift.
[Music]
I know
and
[Music]
[Laughter]
Everything is excellent, thank
God.  You can eat food here.
We have a great
seasoning.  Excellent.
And welcome.
[Music]
Mother nothing Okay.